.ig \"-*- jobsched_cmd -*-
Copyright (C) 2001 Mark Dickinson
Marks Job Scheduler is distibuted under the terms of the GNU GPL.
..
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..
.\" Like TP, but if specified indent is more than half
.\" the current line-length - indent, use the default indent.
.de Tp
.ie \\n(.$=0:((0\\$1)*2u>(\\n(.lu-\\n(.iu)) .TP
.el .TP "\\$1"
..
.TH jobsched_cmd 1 "August-14-2011" "Marks Job Scheduler v1.13"
.SH PROGRAM NAME
.B jobsched_cmd
\- A command line interface for Marks Job Scheduler.
.SH INTRODUCTION
jobsched_cmd is the main command and control interface to Marks Job Scheduler. Every scheduler supported command is available via this interface. It uses a 'fast fail' methodology, if you make a typo in a command you get thrown out of the interface; deliberate as it is designed for use in batch scripts where you want to halt on error.

.SH INVOCATION
The format for invoking jobsched_cmd is:   jobsched_cmd\fR
                                     or:   jobsched_cmd [portnum] \fR
                                     or:   jobsched_cmd portnum [ipaddr]\fR
.TP
Note that if ipaddr is used portnum is required \fR
.TP
If a port number and ip-address are not provided jobsched_cmd will attempt connect to a scheduler listening on the default port of 9002 on the localhost address 127.0.0.1

.SH PROGRAM COMMANDS
.TP
The program has an interactive help facility, use the command HELP and work from there.
.TP
Not all commands are documented in the program help, for commands only your site admin should be using refer to the manuals that were provided with the Marks Job Scheduler application
.SH AUTHOR
Mark Dickinson https://mdickinson.dyndns.org/linux/doc/Job_Scheduler_about.php
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to the address above.
Give a detailed description of the problem and report the version of Marks Job Scheduler that you are using.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Mark Dickinson
.LP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program (gpl-2.0.txt); if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA., or refer to the online version at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
.LP
.SH SEE ALSO
jobsched_daemon (1), jobsched_take_snapshot (1), jobsched_utilities (1), jobsched_jobutil (1), jobsched_security_checks (1)
