.ig \"-*- jobsched_daemon -*-
Copyright (C) 2001 Mark Dickinson
Marks Job Scheduler is distibuted under the terms of the GNU GPL.
..
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..
.\" Like TP, but if specified indent is more than half
.\" the current line-length - indent, use the default indent.
.de Tp
.ie \\n(.$=0:((0\\$1)*2u>(\\n(.lu-\\n(.iu)) .TP
.el .TP "\\$1"
..
.TH jobsched_daemon 1 "August-14-2011" "Marks Job Scheduler v1.13"
.SH PROGRAM NAME
.B jobsched_daemon
\- The scheduler application for Marks Job Scheduler.
.SH INTRODUCTION
jobsched_daemon is the scheduler server task for Marks Job Scheduler.

It is responsible not just for all scheduling and depndency management plus job failure and restart functions but is also the single point of access for all database maintenance; any and all database updates must be requested via API calls to the jobsched_daemon process.

This task should be started by your servers startup scripts in /etc/init.d as it should run as root; it should only be manually started for testing.

.SH INVOCATION
The format for invoking jobsched_daemon
       is:   jobsched_daemon\fR
       or:   jobsched_daemon [portnum] \fR
       or:   jobsched_daemon portnum [ipaddr]\fR
.TP
Note that if ipaddr is used portnum is required \fR
.TP
portnum is the port number the scheduler server will listen on, the default is 9002
.TP
ipaddr is the ip-address of the interface the scheduler server will listen on, the default (or if 127.0.0.1 is used) is assumed to be a request to listen on all interfaces

.SH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Refer to the manuals provided with the application for jobsched_damon configuration options and security considerations

.SH AUTHOR
Mark Dickinson https://mdickinson.dyndns.org/linux/doc/Job_Scheduler_about.php
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to the address above.
Give a detailed description of the problem and report the version of Marks Job Scheduler that you are using.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Mark Dickinson
.LP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program (gpl-2.0.txt); if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA., or refer to the online version at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
.LP
.SH SEE ALSO
jobsched_cmd (1), jobsched_take_snapshot (1), jobsched_utilities (1), jobsched_jobutil (1), jobsched_security_checks (1)
