.ig \"-*- jobsched_cmd -*-
Copyright (C) 2001 Mark Dickinson
Marks Job Scheduler is distibuted under the terms of the GNU GPL.
..
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..
.\" Like TP, but if specified indent is more than half
.\" the current line-length - indent, use the default indent.
.de Tp
.ie \\n(.$=0:((0\\$1)*2u>(\\n(.lu-\\n(.iu)) .TP
.el .TP "\\$1"
..
.TH jobsched_security_checks 1 "August-14-2011" "Marks Job Scheduler v1.13"
.SH PROGRAM NAME
.B jobsched_security_checks
\- Job Scheduler Security Audit Report (should run daily)
.SH INTRODUCTION
jobsched_security_checks is a utility designed to perform all reasonable security
checks against the job scheduler databases and the actual jobs run by the scheduler.
If there is anything I would consider a security risk it is reported on if found.
Details of what is reported on are documented below.

.SH INVOCATION
The format for invoking jobsched_security_checks is: jobsched_security_checks /path/to/install/database/dir \fR

.SH RETURN CODES
.TP
The program will exit 0 if no problems are found, and exit 1 if problems were found. This allows a script to run it daily and by checking the exit code only email the administrators if a problem is found.
.SH WHAT IS CHECKED
.TP
User inactivity - If a user has not logged into the scheduler in the last 60 days it will be reported
.TP
Job file security - If the job is run by the scheduler user X the program checks that the file to be run is actually owned by user X and that it is not writeable by any other user

.SH EXAMPLE OUTPUT
[mark@falcon scheduler]$ bin/security_checks ./

Job record SYS-DAILY-MYSQL-BACKUP
  Command /opt/dickinson/scheduler/jobs/sys/daily_mysql_backup.sh
  Job runs under userid root
    *** Job command file is not owned by root, owned by mark
  note: file last modified Thu Sep  4 21:16:38 2008

Job record SYS-BKP-MASTER
  Command /opt/dickinson/backuputil/backup.sh
  Job runs under userid root
    *** Job command file is not owned by root, owned by mark
  *** Command file secured badly, non-owner users can change the file
  note: file last modified Sat Sep 19 11:36:35 2009

Suspect USER records found in ./user_records.dbs
  *** User security has not logged in in 60 days, last login was 20071218 11:02:00
      security details : Security Admin User
  *** User apache has not logged in in 60 days, last login was NEVER
      apache details : Web Operator id

.SH AUTHOR
Mark Dickinson http://www.mdickinson.dnsalias.org/site_support/contact_mark.php
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to the address above.
Give a detailed description of the problem and report the version of Marks Job Scheduler that you are using.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2001 Mark Dickinson
.LP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program (gpl-2.0.txt); if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA., or refer to the online version at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html
.LP
.SH AVAILABILITY
It is intended that the latest stable source version will always be available on github at xxxxx-insert-here-xxxxx, prebuilt static binary packages built on Fedroa 15 or above are available at http://mdickinson.dnsalias.org/linux/doc/Job_Scheduler_about.php
.LP
.SH SEE ALSO
jobsched_daemon (1), jobsched_take_snapshot (1), jobsched_utilities (1), jobsched_jobutil (1), jobsched_security_checks (1)
